[live performance of
Bon Iver's "Holocene" playing]
[crowd sounds]
[duplicate live performance of
Bon Iver's "Holocene"]
(Distant male voice) I hate to even write
or think about alt-scholarship.
(Male guitar instructor) Ah, hi YouTubers.
(Female guitar instructor) Hello, YouTube.
(Male instructor) I’m going to try and
explain how to play Bon Iver’s Holocene.
(Female instructor) What's up?
[crosstalk ongoing]
(Male instructor) I posted a cover last
night, so check that out and, ah,
hopefully I can
give you some more tips.
[in top right, Bon Iver sings] ♪ Some way
baby it's a part of me apart from me. ♪
(Male instructor) Ah, standard
tuning put a capo on the first fret.
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ You're laying waste
to Haloween. ♪
(Female instructor) This is so cool,
so, I also got a lot of. . . .
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ You fucked it friend,
it's on its head, it struck the street. ♪
(Male instructor) 3, 4, 5, 6. Ah, so
it's 1, 2, 3. 4, 5, 6, and a 1, 2. . . .
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ You're in Milwaukee,
off your feet. ♪
(Female instructor) I didn't play,
I didn't share the guitar
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ And at once I knew
I was not magnificent. ♪
(Female instructor) It's the same pattern
repeated like three times.
(Male instructor) It's just
how I think it.
For much of the song you keep your
fourth finger on the first fret.
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ Strayed above
the highway aisles. ♪
(Female instructor) It goes so like
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and so on and so forth.
["Holocene" plays; sparse guitars
in steady patterns]
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ Jagged vacance
thick with ice. ♪
(Female instructor) Third fret,
second string.
(Male instructor) Hammer from the
third fret.
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ And I could see
for miles, miles, miles. ♪
(Female instructor) So, third fret
second string.
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ Third and lake
it burnt away, the hallway. ♪
[drums crash and join performance]
(Female instructor) And the starting
pattern is 4, 2, 3, 2.
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ Was where we learned
to celebrate. ♪
(Male instructor) Play that
in the C shape.
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ Automatic bought the
years you'd talk for me. ♪
[Instructors play guitar notes]
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ That night you played
me Lip Parade. ♪
(Female instructor) And then you're
going to put your . . . um
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ Automatic
[indistinct], the lost decree. ♪
(Male instructor) Ring finger on the third
fret, relative to the capo.
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ Saying nothing,
that's enough for me. ♪
[Instructors pick notes; live performance
of "Holocene" plays]
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ And at once, I knew
I was not magnificent. ♪
[cymbals crash]
(Male instructor) 1, 2, 3, 4,
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
(Female instructor) And that little, that
little thing
is the second fret, third string.
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ Hulled far from
the highway aisle. ♪
[Guitar instructors talk
and pick notes]
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ Jagged vacance,
thick with ice. ♪
(Female instructor) You just kinda gotta
feel it out. That's what I did.
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ And I could
see for miles, mile, miles. ♪
[live performance starts interlude]
[soft horns]
[Instructors pick guitar notes]
[crowd sounds]
[Bon Iver's "Holocene" stops; instructor
voices are more audible]
[Instructors pick guitars]
(Male instructor) You don't always have to
do this sort of intricate little
pull off, hammer on.
[guitar instruction]
(Narrator in bubble science video)
There is a method to the bubble madness
that unlocks some pretty basic laws of
nature.
Law number one, they act like a prism,
reflecting the basic colors
of the universe.
(Interviewee in science video)
White light coming in is actually composed
of all the colors in the rainbow and
based on the thickness of the film,
all the different colors refract off in
different ways, so just like a prism,
we get the whole spectrum in every bubble.
The amazing thing to me is that when
you look up close
it looks like bubbles are clear,
but there is so much color going on.
(Second interviewee) That is correct.
It's every color of the rainbow.
I like to think that the colors are a map,
showing you that the film is thick in some
places and thinner in others.
(Female instructor) ♪ And at once, I knew
I was not magnificent. ♪
[crosstalk]
[performance of "Holocene" restarts;
soft horns]
(Male instructor) ♪ Some day baby, it's
a part of me apart from me. ♪
(Male instructor) Um, it's some way baby
not some day.
[guitar instruction]
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ Christmas night, it
clutched the light, the hallow bright. ♪
(Male instructor) ♪ You're laying waste
to Haloween. ♪
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ Above my brother,
I and tangled spines. ♪
[instructors sing]
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ We smoked the screen
to make it what it was to be. ♪
[guitar instruction]
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ Now to know it
in my memory. ♪
[performance of "Holocene" plays;
soft horns, guitars]
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ And at once I knew
I was not magnificent. ♪
[cymbals crash]
[guitar instruction]
(Female instructor) ♪ Jagged vacance
thick with ice. ♪
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ Strayed above
the highway aisle. ♪
(Male instructor) ♪ And at once I knew
I was not magnificent. ♪
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ Jagged vacance
thick with ice. ♪
[performance of "Holocene" crescendoes]
[Bon Iver sings] ♪ And I could see for
miles, miles, miles. ♪
[performance of "Holocene" stops]
[crowd cheers]
(Male instructor) ♪ Strayed above
the highway aisle. ♪
(Female instructor) ♪ And I could
see for miles, miles. . . . ♪
[From the bubble science video,
a low tone echoes]
(Interviewees in bubble video) So there
it is.
It's pretty amazing.
You think of it as one event, instant
event, but there you really see the tear.
You never think of it
as a directional event.
It just looks like
it's there and it's gone.
(Narrator of science video) Watch the
bubble burst again,
even slower this time.
[Guitar instruction]
There's some complex
science going on here.
Surface tension holds the
soap bubble molecules together
while the air inside the
bubble is forcing them apart.
When the bubble begins to tear,
soap molecules shoot out in all
directions as tiny droplets.
(Male instructor) You just plucked about
400 notes.
(Science narrator) Okay
(Male instructor) ♪ Third and lake,
it burnt away, the hallway. ♪
[Female instructor plays]
(Male bike shop worker)
After radially truing the rim,
pluck a number of spokes on the
drive side and listen to the tone.
[plucked bicycle spokes]
(Male instructor) I just pluck these
little top bits.
[plucked strings]
(Bike worker) Then pluck a number of
spokes on the non-drive side
and also listen to the tone.
[plucked spokes]
(Second bike worker) If you get to the
point where you
really have to make
some adjustments. . . .
[guitar notes]
(Male instructor) The third verse,
the Christmas-y verse,
you have to kind of slow down it all down
a bit and just play long, languid notes
and try to think of the suitable timing
to hit the next bit of the line.
(Second bike worker) It's nice and tight
all the way around. So,
technically, they should all have
about the same tightness.
[female instructor plays and humms]
[humming]
[soft guitar notes]
[sound fades out]